You call the security guards special?
There is no such thing as eyes. If this were in the Soviet-style group,
Under my belt, such disclosure would never occur.
Of course, there is security brother in Su Shi Group for safety,
Don’t worry, I’ll be the only one to provide security at my home.
When I go to work, I will come down and spin the car,
I am the most practiced Xiaogui,
Do you dare to say that my security team is no better than yours?
It’s really not enough, hey, Xiaojia
You were the treasurer of our Ye family just now
What's the problem
Don't mess with your safe machine
There is no difference
If you don’t experience it, you’re still on your own
your eyes say
Why should he come out?
you don't experience you
you don't call me
Is there any leakage in the system when it comes to making money? Who can he be?
This is you
It's just a problem with our security machine. I'm distributing it.
Did you come here to think of a solution?
Do you understand?